## INTRODUCTION & DESCRIPTION OF DATA <br>
The Forest Ecology Data Set documents the frequency of 28 tree species in an old-growth forest. The forest was divided into 67 equal plots, and each plot was divided into equal subplots.  Surveyors counted and recorded trees and their species occurring in four randomly selected sub-plots within each of the 67 plots. Each row of data represents one species, and each column represents one forest plot. For this analysis, I will consider only species in rows six (C. ovata) through 28 (S. albidum). <br>

## PROBLEM OF INTEREST <br>
In this project, I will fit both the binomial and Poisson distributions to the species frequency data. For each distribution, I will create plots of the observed species counts and overlay the species counts expected under each distribution. I will visually examine the plots to determine which distribution best fits the data and then provide a table of parameter estimates for each species for the distribution that best fits the data.  Identifying a distribution that fits the data will allow for statistical inferences about how each species might be distributed across the larger forest population. The well-fitted distribution can also be used to predict the likelihood of observing a particular species in a plot where data was not collected, and it allows for standardized comparisons of parameters across species. <br>

In particular, I am interested in estimating the average number of occurrences of a species per unit area (i.e., plot). The average number of occurrences will help to identify common and rare species, which could inform planting strategies or identify invasive species. Analysis of average number of occurrences pre unit area could lead to additional research questions related to why a particular species is more or less common. <br>

A second parameter of interest is variance of tree counts across plots. Variance may indicate a tendency for a species to either cluster or spread out. It also may be interesting to compare variance across species to identify differences between species. This information could inform planting strategies or lead to additional research questions. 
